build: remove experimental warning for thingy53 (#507)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/includes/include_kconfig_common.txt

* ``CONFIG_SID_END_DEVICE_CLI`` -- Enables Sidewalk CLI.
  To see the list of available commands, flash the sample and type ``sid help``.

> * ``CONFIG_SIDEWALK_ON_DEV_CERT`` -- Enable on device certification SHELL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``CONFIG_SIDEWALK_ON_DEV_CERT`` -- Enables the on-device certification Shell.
```
